feat(lua actions): add a flag to Include builtin actions with  resource overrides (#19708)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/resource_actions.md

Each action name must be represented in the list of `definitions` with an accompanying `action.lua` script to control the resource modifications. The `obj` is a global variable which contains the resource. Each action script returns an optionally modified version of the resource. In this example, we are simply setting `.spec.suspend` to either `true` or `false`.

> !!! important
> If you might want to retain the prebuilt actions along with your own actions in configmap.
> In such cases, you can provide the key `mergeBuiltinActions` in the `discovery.lua` script and set it to `true`. This
> will merge the custom actions with the built-in actions. If the key is not provided or set to `false`, the default
> behavior is to override the built-in actions with the custom actions.

Reviewer: What do you think of this simplified explanation?

```suggestion
By default, defining a resource action customization will override any built-in action for this resource kind. If you want to retain the built-in actions, you can set the `mergeBuiltinActions` key to `true`. Your custom actions will have precedence over the built-in actions.
```

        resource.customizations.actions.argoproj.io_Rollout: |
        mergeBuiltinActions: true
        discovery.lua: |
        actions = {}
        actions["custom-action"] = {}
        return actions
        definitions:
        - name: custom-action
        action.lua: |
        obj.spec.template.metadata.annotations["date"] = os.date()

>         return obj

Reviewer: The indentation is not properly formatted and should use the same style as other examples 🤔
